README.md, before:

# SwiftBuild

GitHub Action that executes a build of a Swift project.

<a href="https://swift.org" rel="nofollow">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.7-orange.svg?style=flat&logo=swift" />
</a>

## Usage

Actions are referenced with the `uses` syntax. For example:

```yaml
steps:
  - uses: actions/checkout@v3
  - name: Build Swift Project
    uses: SwiftActions/SwiftBuild@vmain
    with:
      target: "SwiftBuild"
      verbose: true
```

## Parameters

| Input       | Description                                                                             | Default | Required |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| **target**  | Build a specific target.<br/>Proxies `swift build --target {target}`                    | empty   | ⛌        |
| **product** | Build a specific product.<br/>Proxies `swift build --product {product}`                 | empty   | ⛌        |
| **verbose** | Increase verbosity to include informational output.<br/>Proxies `swift build --verbose` | false   | ⛌        |

## Dependencies

The **SwiftBuild** action uses _Swift_ to build _Swift_. Some third party libraries are used as part of the process:

| Library                                                                 | Usage                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [swift-argument-parser](https://github.com/apple/swift-argument-parser) | Parses parameters provided to the **SwiftBuild** action in order to determine the full shell command that should be executed. |
| [ShellOut](https://github.com/JohnSundell/ShellOut)                     | Utility to execute the command parsed using the shell.                                                                        |

## Contributions

Details TBD

## Legal

Uses MIT license. The Swift logo is a trademark of Apple Inc.

Commit message:

Updated readme with version and community details

README.md, after:

# SwiftBuild

GitHub Action that executes a build of a Swift project.

<a href="https://swift.org" rel="nofollow">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.7-orange.svg?style=flat&logo=swift" />
</a>

## Usage

Actions are referenced with the `uses` syntax. For example:

```yaml
steps:
  - uses: actions/checkout@v3
  - name: Build Swift Project
    uses: SwiftActions/SwiftBuild@v0.2
    with:
      target: "SwiftBuild"
      verbose: true
```

## Parameters

| Input       | Description                                                                             | Default | Required |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| **target**  | Build a specific target.<br/>Proxies `swift build --target {target}`                    | empty   | ⛌        |
| **product** | Build a specific product.<br/>Proxies `swift build --product {product}`                 | empty   | ⛌        |
| **verbose** | Increase verbosity to include informational output.<br/>Proxies `swift build --verbose` | false   | ⛌        |

## Dependencies

The **SwiftBuild** action uses _Swift_ to build _Swift_. Some third party libraries are used as part of the process:

| Library                                                                 | Usage                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [swift-argument-parser](https://github.com/apple/swift-argument-parser) | Parses parameters provided to the **SwiftBuild** action in order to determine the full shell command that should be executed. |
| [ShellOut](https://github.com/JohnSundell/ShellOut)                     | Utility to execute the command parsed using the shell.                                                                        |

## Contributions

[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SwiftActions/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Contribution Guidelines: Coming Soon!

## Legal

[MIT license](https://github.com/SwiftActions/.github/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

The Swift logo is a trademark of [Apple Inc](https://apple.com).
